hey guys it's Seymour coming at you with
a new video and this time I'm going to
teach you how to achieve a full acne
coverage foundation routine for all
those who suffer from acne not to worry
there's a resolution just keep on
watching so first I'm going to start
with a clean and prep the face as you
can see I have a lot a lot of blemishes
so in this video I'm obviously going to
show you how to cover those and I'm
going to start by pinning my hair back
and I'm going to use my ultra coverage
foundation by Becca in the shade found
this foundation alone gives just so much
coverage and I use my fingers because I
like that natural feel to it it warms
the foundation up when you actually use
your fingers so just blend that on blend
it on until it's evenly displaced on
your face now I'm going to use my cover
FX concealer in the shade G light and
I'm just going to make triangles under
my eyes I look crazy I know and I'm
going to use my Beauty Blender to blends
blends blends it all out
as I'm blending I'm doing a little dance
you know alright just make sure you
blend blend blend
you don't want coarse lines on your face
that looks pretty pretty weird
now I'm just gonna Pat some on my lips
just some when I put my lipstick it
looks good oh yeah now I'm gonna use my
wedding wild pressed powder I'm gonna
dab that right under my eyes it's gonna
set my concealer so that it lasts all
day and guess what this pressed powder
was only $2.99 go cop that ladies and
I'm using my wedding wild bronzer in the
shade bronzer yeah and I'm just going to
add that extra contour on the side of my
cheekbones and again like I said the key
of makeup is to blend you don't want to
go out looking crazy with like coarse
lines on your skin now I'm going to go
in with my NYX eyebrow gel and I like my
eyebrows to look really natural I'm not
going to go into details in this video
because this video is just simply for
the foundation routine but if you do
want an eyebrow tutorial you can comment
down below and let me know and here it
is and I'm back back with a full face of
makeup now I'm going in with my Milani
break baked bronzer to give it that
extra glue and Quorn Soares and I'm done
and if you guys like what you saw
subscribe if you don't subscribe anyway
no just kidding but be sure to follow me
on Instagram Twitter Facebook and all
that other stuff
and yeah glad you guys hope you guys
liked it and see you guys soon love
y'all